release: v1.55.0 (#6023)
apollographql/router: .changesets/feat_tninesling_coprocessor_cost_access.md

> ### Move cost context values into DashMap ([PR #5972](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5972))
> 
> Allow Rhai scripts and coprocessors to access demand control information via context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Enable router customizations to access demand control info ([PR #5972](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5972))

Rhai scripts and coprocessors can now access demand control information via the context. For more information on Rhai constants to access demand control info, see [available Rhai API constants](https://apollographql.com/docs/router/customizations/rhai-api#available-constants).
```

Author: Love this improvement that makes the "How" of this changelog super tangible to the end user. I'll accept this commit and mark this as resolved on behalf of @tninesling.  Thanks, @shorgi!
